NARRATOR Following Ash's victory
at the Lumiose Gym
earning his fifth
Kalos Gym Badge
our heroes are on their way
to visit
Professor Sycamore's lab
before heading to Laverre City.
How does it look?
You think you can fix it?
MEYER
Piece of cake.
I'll have it done in a jiff.
Could you hand me that rag,
please?
Ah. There's something marvelous
about motor oil.
I've got
important research coming up
'so I'm depending on you.'
You're talking to me here.
You're in the best of hands.
ASH
Professor Sycamore?
‐ Hello?
‐ How nice.
‐ Huh?
‐ Welcome.
‐ Professor.
You timed it perfectly.
I'm planning to do a very
interesting experiment today.
Yippee. What kind of experiment?
You'll find out
when the time comes.
♪ You're just a kid
on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best
of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Garchomp's Mega Bond!"
They're right over here.
I've finally managed
to obtain one of each.
[all gasps]
It's a Key Stone
and a Mega Stone.
Gardevoir. Now, Mega Evolve!
[EVOLVING]
I know each Pokémon
requires its own Mega Stone.
So which Pokémon
is this Mega Stone for?
An excellent question, Clemont.
Today's experiment is designed
to provide us with the answer.
So, if you're ready,
this synchronizer
should do the trick.
Now, one, two, three.
We'll find out in no time.
ASH/CLEMONT/BONNIE
Great.
SYCAMORE
First, we take our Mega Stone
and place it here
on the pedestal.
[thinking] I wish Alain
were here to see this.
Professor? What about Dedenne?
Can Dedenne Mega Evolve?
[CURIOUS]
And what about Pikachu?
[AGREEMENT]
Well, the fact is
Pikachu could still evolve
so Mega Evolution won't work.
It's possible Dedenne
could Mega Evolve.
Yay! Try! Try!
GARCHOMP
[INTERESTED]
Oh, Garchomp. Hey there.
[INTRIGUED]
What is that?
That is a Mega Stone.
‐ Professor?
‐ Huh.
‐ The synchronizer is reacting.
‐ 'Really?'
That means the Mega Stone
is a genuine Garchompite.
That means we'll get to see
Garchomp Mega Evolve.
I'm so psyched.
It's going to be great.
[AGREEMENT]
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/CLEMONT
What's going on?
All the Pokémon!
Professor Sycamore!
[gasping]
SYCAMORE
What's that?
What's going on?
We're taller than you,
so show some respect.
Though manners are things
that Twerps always neglect.
To show the secrets
of Mega Evolution.
Stealing your work
seems the perfect solution.
The art of cunning
is our labor of love.
Your findings send us
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket makes
Mega Evolution a breeze.
JAMES A mega‐mega heist
that is destined to please.
Meowth sure agrees.
ASH
Team Rocket! You guys again?
JAMES
We heard every mega‐morsel.
Since Garchomp and Garchompite
equals one Mega Evolved party,
we want in.
So let the celebration begin.
Party time, teamsters.
We seal this deal
and we'll rule the world.
JAMES
'Hmm.'
'Joy. Key Stone spotted.'
Meowth, get your paws on it.
With pleasure.
[all gasping]
SYCAMORE
Oh, no!
‐ 'The other stone, too.'
‐ Hee‐haw!
[all yelping]
PIKACHU
[ALARMED]
ASH
The Garchompite.
Now all that's left
is grabbing Garchomp.
GARCHOMP
[ANGRY]
Garchomp, you stay back!
Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE
We could grab Pikachu, too.
Just for you.
Our Pokémon Nabbing Net.
‐ Garchomp!
Man. It slipped
right through the net.
Well, Garchomp
is still a worthwhile catch.
Up, up and away.
It's time to go home.
I'll give it the gas.
MEOWTH
'Enjoy the exhaust!'
Come back. Garchomp's not yours!
Hey, Ash.
Stick this onto their bot.
Okay.
[grunts]
Huh? What in the world?
It can't be.
They made off with everything.
Huh? Hey, what did I throw?
[chuckles] The future is now,
thanks to science.
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
I thought we'd
encounter a situation
precisely like this one.
I call it Search in a Second.
Well, we know what it's for.
This device will track
the transmitter
Ash attached
to the Rocket robot.
And then we'll know
where they are.
Found it.
It's traveling northwest.
Sophie. Let Officer Jenny know.
‐ Please?
‐ Right.
We'll use your device
to track down Team Rocket.
I'm counting on you.
CLEMONT
Right.
Northwest. Are you sure?
No doubt. Positive.
Just keep going straight.
GARCHOMP
[ANGRY]/[STRUGGLING]
JAMES We got both the Mega Stone
and the Key Stone.
JESSIE
Nothing can stop us now.
The Mega Stone, Meowth, stat!
I can't get this
stupid thing to budge.
Leave it to Inkay.
What do you say?
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright, ease that case
towards Inkay.
MEOWTH
A‐okay.
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
CLEMONT
'The signal's getting stronger.'
We're getting closer. Huh!
[all screaming]
[coughs]
Are you alright, Clemont?
They must have done something
to sabotage the synchronizer
which made my device explode.
BONNIE Who cares about
that technical stuff?
SERENA
Professor?
[sighs]
Garchomp! Hello?
Garchomp, if you can hear me,
then answer.
'Garchomp!'
[echoing]
'Chomp. Chomp.'
JAMES
Alright, Garchomp.
This stone goes on you.
JAMES Alright, Meowth,
you ready to roll?
MEOWTH
Ready‐eddy‐eddy.
Are you sure it's safe
to make Garchomp Mega Evolve?
It wouldn't be
good for our health
if it started acting up
Of course, and that's precisely
why we employ
a mind control ray.
[ANGRY]
Meowth, ol' chum?
Time to keep Garchomp calm!
MEOWTH
No prob.
Be a good Pokémon. Chill.
[STRUGGLING]
JAMES Good. I'm letting Garchomp
out of its cage.
Right this way.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES
'Nice Garchomp.'
Calmness is goodness.
We're all set.
Alright, the moment
we've all been waiting for.
Garchomp. Mega Evolve, Now!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
JAMES
What a hoot!
With a Mega‐Evolved Pokémon
conquering the world
isn't a dream.
Team Rocket finally
grabs the brass ring.
Which will make the Boss
pleased as punch.
And it's all because we're
going with the mega flow.
TEAM ROCKET As we bask
in the Mega Evolution Glow!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Garchomp.
GARCHOMP
[EXERTION]
CLEMONT The signal from the
transmitter
was definitely
nearby.
SYCAMORE Then let's go
the rest of the way on foot.
Professor, you've got
to treat its wounds.
Please.
What happened?
It was running wild in town.
Don't worry. It's okay.
You must be hungry, right?
'You don't need to worry.'
GIBLE
[NERVOUS]
Professor, it's Gible.
Huh?
Please, don't be afraid.
[ANXIOUS]
Don't worry.
I'm not your enemy.
[SURPRISED]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[HAPPY]
GIBLE
[EVOLVING]
‐ Marvelous!
[laughs]
Brilliant.
This is wonderful, Gabite.
[SURPRISED]
[COMFORTING]
GABITE
[EVOLVING]
PSYDUCK
[WORRIED]
Huh? Ah. Oh.
[CONFIDENT]
SYCAMORE
You did it, Garchomp.
GARCHOMP
[HAPPY]
My friend, Garchomp.
[STRUGGLING]
SYCAMORE
'Don't worry.'
Marvelous.
My Garchomp.
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Alright, what went wrong?
‐ Beats me.
We have both the stones
necessary to Mega Evolve.
Which means
something went wrong.
[STRUGGLING]
[ANGRY]/[PAINED]
Huh?
SERENA
Professor?
That sound just now..
What are you talking about?
I'm certain that
I heard Garchomp just now.
[all gasp]
Professor,
I didn't hear a thing.
[AGREEMENT]
Me neither.
I'm sure that I heard it.
Huh? That way!
Garchomp's over there!
How do you know that?
I can't really explain it.
‐ Somehow, I just know.
‐ But how?
Many people say there's
a mysterious connection
between Trainer and Pokémon
that science
simply can't explain.
Yeah.
Let's follow his lead.
[STRUGGLING]
Ugh! Mega Evolve!
Do it now.
Garchomp, work with me!
Jess, most likely Garchomp
doesn't really
want to work with us.
‐ Then just change its mind.
‐ Change its mind?
Alright, we'll just crank up
the mind control ray.
Turn it up as far as it will go.
We've got to control Garchomp
even if we have
to buy more batteries.
No need for that.
[PAINED]
[EVOLVING]
ASH
Professor Sycamore. Look!
SYCAMORE
It looks like Mega Evolution.
Let's go!
No, Garchomp!
[panting]
Drat. It's Sycamore.
SYCAMORE
Stop it.
If it isn't the good professor.
I knew I'd find you.
'I could feel you
calling for me.'
Ugh! Heroics are so annoying.
You're out of time.
Put another log
on the mind control fire.
Higher!
I've got it on eleven already.
Stop it now! Ah! Oh!
ASH
Professor Sycamore!
Let's go, Pikachu!
[AGREEMENT]
Ash, wait!
[SURPRISED]
Mega Blaziken,
stop their mind control ray.
[EXERTION]
CLEMONT/BONNIE/SERENA
Blaziken Mask!
Mega Blaziken.
[AGREEMENT]
JAMES
Bellyache Mask.
JESSIE
It's one pain after another.
What are you waiting for?
We need more power.
Cool your jets, Jessie.
I'm giving it all I've got.
MEOWTHMECH
Meowth!
[STRUGGLING]
If Garchomp Mega Evolves
Team Rocket wins.
They can't.
They must be stopped.
I won't let that happen.
Huh? That's it.
Blaziken Mask. Please,
lend me your Key Stone.
Huh?
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE 'Garchomp and
I have a bond they don't have.'
I'll make it
Mega Evolve before them.
As you wish.
Blaziken.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
If using this can help,
go right ahead.
Thanks a lot, Blaziken Mask.
Now, Garchomp..
‐ Mega Evolve!
[EVOLVING]
‐ Oh!
‐ What's going on?
Both Key Stones
are simultaneously
affecting Garchomp.
'They're both trying
to get it to Mega Evolve.'
GARCHOMP
[PAINED]
The bond between Garchomp
and Professor Sycamore
has got to be stronger.
[AGREEMENT]
Right. It is.
[ROARING]
[James chuckling]
Huh?
What happened?
BONNIE
Hey, what's going on?
Can you hear me?
[chuckles] Our Mind Control
Ray's doing its job.
Garchomp's under our control.
That's not possible.
[gasping]
JAMES From now on,
you'll answer to us.
You're a member of Team Rocket
'through and through!'
No way. Garchomp is my friend.
Now, first things first.
Show them
to the proverbial door.
Hmm..
Garchomp, please.
It's not looking too good.
I know.
Garchomp..
...I have faith in you.
Professor!
[ROARING]
Huh.
Huh?
You're alright. Ah!
[HAPPY]
‐ Huh! Of all the nerve.
‐ Hey, injustice.
‐ Yeah! He did it!
‐ Yippee. Alright.
[SATISFIED]
Now, I'd say it's payback time.
[AGREEMENT]
Garchomp,
destroy their Rocket bot!
Incoming!
[ATTACK]
MEOWTH
Hey. I'm freezing.
I feel a blastoff in our future.
Then let's change it.
[both grunts]
There's nothing like
an emergency getaway scheme.
Especially rocket‐propelled.
Full speed!
Oh, no. They're getting away.
Not this time.
That's right. Blaziken!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Mega Garchomp, let's go!
Ready, Pikachu?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH
Alright, it's a triple attack!
TEAM ROCKET
Gotta fly.
Use Flamethrower!
Use Hyper Beam!
Use Thunderbolt!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[explosion]
TEAM ROCKET A triple‐strength
blastoff
is three times the
embarrassment.
You were marvelous, Garchomp.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Buddy, you were great.
PIKACHU
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pikachu is so strong.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
Oh, something marvelous
about motor oil. Oh.
Blaziken Mask, thanks.
You were a big help.
‐ Both of you.
‐ Hmm.
[siren blaring]
SERENA
Look.
Professor, how's Garchomp?
SYCAMORE
It's safe and sound.
Everything's been figured out.
Figured out?
Yeah. See, Blaziken Mask
went wham bam.
‐ Now everything's fine.
‐ Where is he?
‐ Huh?
BONNIE
Gone.
ASH Professor Sycamore,
thank you for everything.
See you later, Garchomp.
PIKACHU
[HAPPY]
See you.
DEDENNE/GARCHOMP
[AGREEMENT]
SYCAMORE Make sure to come and
visit us again really soon.
[AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR Now that our heroes
have witnessed
Garchomp Mega Evolve
their awe at its power
is greater than ever.
And now, it's off
to Laverre City.
‐ Professor?
‐ Hmm?
I'm afraid it happened again.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE 'Things
always break
when they visit,
don't they?'
‐ Huh?
‐ Hello, Meyer.
Professor?
Ah, as I said
there's something quite
marvelous about motor oil.
I'll bet you're having
electrical problems again.
Would you like me
to come over this afternoon?
Not quite.
I came over
about something else.
Hm?
What do you think?
Mega Blaziken.
Would you help me
with my research
with Mega Blaziken?
Mm.
NARRATOR
As the journey continues.
[theme music]